Please wait.
Is this like a ritual for you?
You're a very perceptive boy.
Dear listeners! The grand adventure
of a man of extraordinary talent is starting.
Don't be so dazzled you look away--
I am the gentleman thief
who will save the world,
Gentle Criminal!
My plans have shifted.
In this current predicament, I'll keep it brief.
This time...
I tried going into U.A.!
I won't let you do that!
That is not something I can do!
Gently...
...Trampoline!
I'm sure you have feelings invested in this, too,
but they can't win against
my mustache and my soul!
This scheme is a big step
toward my becoming a legend.
Please don't get in my way!
Farewell, glimmer of youth!
We're all invested in this!
For the sake of the world, for the
sake of others, for the sake of my dream--
And, La Brava, to respond to your feelings!
"Day of U.A. School Festival"
"Green Room"
"Neito Monoma - Quirk: Copy"
What's with those clothes, Kendo?!
--Oh, that looks good on you!
--Isn't it too sexy?
"Yosetsu Awase - Quirk: Weld"
"Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - Quirk: Steel"
Hey, boys, don't just walk in like this.
That appearance!
It's hard to believe that's the look of
someone who's sold her soul to violence!
"Reiko Yanagi - Quirk: Poltergeist"
"Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist"
Is that a compliment or an insult?
A compliment!
After all, the one who entered you was me!
Since you're popular after being
in the commercial, I'm sure you'd win!
If you win, then Class B
will be even more "Plus Ultra"!
Most importantly,
during that time, I would
be free from your powerful fist!
Well, if I'm going to do it,
I'm going to aim for the top.
Hey, hey, wait!
"Nejire Hado - Quirk: Surge"
Why is Kendo sure to win?
We don't know that yet.
Nejire Hado!
Looking forward to competing with you, Kendo.
I-I'm looking forward to it, too--
Oh my, speaking of victory
while disregarding me?
I am the one graced with perfect beauty!
Bibimi Kenranzaki!
It's a fight among women...
We'll be there soon.
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
Class A's performance starts at 10 a.m.,
and then after that is Class 1-B's play.
Then, it's lunch and the beauty pageant.
"Eri"
Aren't you excited to see Midoriya, Eri?
Yeah.
Hatsume,
"Mei Hatsume - Quirk: Zoom"
"Pro Hero - Power Loader"
clean yourself up before the presentation, too.
Don't you think I already look great?
"Permission to Leave Campus Form: Izuku Midoriya"
Good morning!
"Pro Hero - Midnight - Quirk: Somnambulist"
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
Morning!
What's that?
A permission to leave campus form?
On the day of the festival?
Yeah, he said there was something he had to buy,
so he went down the mountain to buy it.
The festival's about to start!
Isn't he cutting it a little close?
He doesn't have to act so youthful!
"School Festival Start!!"
"Villain - La Brava"
Gentle, neither you
nor that boy will give up, huh?
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Let's use it--
My Quirk!
If I don't hurry up and go after them...
It's not visible,
but traces of the Quirk still remain.
I cannot cancel the effects
of my Quirk of my own volition.
Watch carefully.
He's on our tail, Gentle!
"Villain - Gentle Criminal"
La Brava, if possible, I want
to save your Quirk for our retreat.
But, but, Gentle! At this rate,
it's highly possible you'll fail!
I know that! Because it's a race
against the clock this time.
He's too fast!
Earlier, he lost his footing
because of my air bullets.
In order to recover from that and land,
he put up two air membranes.
One above this tree!
Remember where they are!
Gentle!
Don't resist.
Please, just give up.
The usual Gentle would've
run away when he was discovered.
I am betting the mustache
I'm so proud of and my soul on this scheme!
His feelings ended up hurting him...
Gentle!
There's that girl Aiba in Class 3, right?
The short one.
I've never talked to her before,
but she sent me a love letter.
What, really?
The stuff inside the letters made it
obvious she'd been following me around!
Huh?!
And there were pages and pages of it...
She's a stalker!
Scary...
In the fall of my first year of middle school,
the love letter I worked up the courage
to give was mocked by the person I liked.
After that, I couldn't
believe in anything anymore.
I passed my days aimlessly
clinging to my computer.
Maybe I'll say goodbye to my life...
Nice to meet you, dear listeners.
That's right! It is I, Gentle!
Gentle Criminal!
Those of you lamenting the times,
believe in me and follow me!
I will change the world!
That's when I first came across...
...the light that was you.
The dark circles won't go away.
I hope he won't think I'm creepy.
I couldn't hold back my feelings...
I'm a huge fan!
I want to help you carve...
...your name...
...in history!
You just accepted me without saying anything.
And, you were kind.
You responded to my feelings...
...and accepted me.
You walked...
...together with me.
Manami Aiba.
For your codename...
How about "La Brava"?
"* La Brava
* Honey"
We are already the best team.
Gentle...
My Gentle...!
I will hand you two over to the police
as soon as I can!
I love you.
Thank you, La Brave.
La Brava.
Quirk: Love.
By murmuring her love,
she can power up the person
she loves most for a short time.
What...? His strength...
The deeper her love,
the more power she can give,
and if activated in a crisis,
it can jump up to tens of times more.
Sorry, young man.
I don't like using brute force,
so I always cut scenes like this.
Please sleep for me for a while.
Sorry, Izuku Midoriya.
I've...
...fought against stronger...
...faster people...
I...
...haven't lost yet!
"La Brava" "Quirk: Love"
"She can power up just one person
she loves for a short period of time.
The effect depends on how deep her love is."
"Affiliation: Villain"
"Birthday: 2/14"
"Height: 111 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Gentle"
"Gentle Criminal"
"Quirk: Elasticity"
"He can make any inorganic substance elastic by touching it."
"Affiliation: Villain"
"Birthday: 8/29"
"Height: 181 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Tea"
Good morning!
"Pro Hero - Present Mic - Quirk: Voice"
Hey, guys!
That's it for preparations!
It's almost time to start!
"Pro Hero - Hound Dog - Quirk: Dog"
We're partying today!
All grades and courses
should just go out and have fun!
Let's hear it, everyone--
The U.A. School
Festival starts now!
This is impossible, young man!
No way...!
This was our last resort!
We always use this,
Lover Mode, to extract ourselves!
Always, the two of us!
Please, just stop!
Gentle! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
My love... My love wasn't enough!
No one has proved that your love was not enough!
Gently Sandwich!
A sandwich is deemed
more elegant the thinner it is.
I don't like piling layer upon layer...
But even so, I want to fulfill...
...the fleeting dream of my middle years.
To leave my name in history! For posterity!
This dream is no longer
a dream I hold for myself!
Today, I take the first step
toward my great work.
It's not so trivial that I can just
give it up when someone tells me to.
If you're a U.A. student, then you must
understand my yearning for my dream.
Why?
If you understand so much,
then why the school festival?
Why would you trample on everyone's hopes?!
That's because that's how it is!
If it's for your dream,
then you can steal people's
hard work and passion,
and the smile of a girl who
doesn't know how to smile yet?!
If that means...
...I can make my dream come true!
My dream
is to become a hero
and become a man great
enough to be in textbooks.
"Gentle - Age 18 (2nd year of high school)"
Well, that's not what I was asking.
You're in trouble, Tobita.
Our school isn't that prestigious,
but you keep failing and getting held back.
On top of that, this is the fourth time
you've failed the provisional licensing exam.
Honestly, the only thing I can recommend
is for you to voluntarily withdraw.
I heard the Takeshitas' son
already has agencies asking for him.
Don't worry, Mom.
I won't be discouraged.
I'll do my best!
Call a hero!
A hero!
He's gonna fall!
I thought that with my Quirk,
I could make a cushion.
The man who fell was seriously injured
and will take six months to fully recover.
"Tobita" "Trash"
In the end, your actions interfered
with a hero's rescue attempt.
That is obstructing
the discharge of official duties,
"Notice of Withdrawal"
and you will be charged with that crime.
"Gentle - Age 22 (Part-timer)"
Spring is nice.
I can eat wild vegetables.
I had already forgotten my dream...
Takeshita?!
You already formed your own agency?
That's wonderful!
Do you remember me? We were in the same class--
Oh, um... who are you again?
My dream was already...
Would I just continue
to grow older, poor and pathetic?
"History of Supervillainy"
No!
Not yet!
Gentle!
Up until now, we only used Lover Mode to escape.
Gentle doesn't like violence, and yet he's--
You can mock me and say that I'm mentally weak!
That's fine!
I...!
I won't mock you, Gentle Criminal.
Win!
Gentle!
That girl's Quirk...!
His power is getting stronger!
You!
Why do you want to be a hero?
I love you.
This dream is no longer
a dream I hold for myself!
I'm the same as you, Gentle.
My dream isn't just my own anymore!
A dream too big for the body I was born with!
A dream I'd given up on
from the bottom of my heart!
For everyone that didn't laugh!
For everyone that acknowledged me!
I want to live up to their expectations!
For those who have been hurt...
I want...
...to become someone
who can show them a bright future!
The same... huh...?
I believe!
I believe that Gentle will win!
The computer and program
that I put together for this day--
If I can connect to U.A.'s
internal network with this special wi-fi,
then I can deactivate their security system,
and we can get inside.
From here, the wi-fi just barely doesn't reach!
I need to get closer!
What I need to do for Gentle's sake!
La Brava, no!
It's dangerous to go alone!
I need to stop him!
Am I still...
...not as strong as those you've fought before?
I will throw away shame, honor,
and my way of doing things to defeat you!
That is the courtesy
I can show a person like you.
No...
No...!
Shoot Style...
...St. Louis Smash!
You were harder to fight than anyone
I'd ever fought until now, Gentle.
Gentle! There are heroes just over there--
Run... away...
The power up from Love
lasts for only a short time
and can only be used once per day.
No, stop... Let go...
Let Gentle go...!
Let go! No!
Gentle had his heart set on this scheme!
He even forgot about the
tea breaks he loves to get ready!
Let go! What "bright future"?!
Gentle is my only light!
Don't take my Gentle from me!
Don't take him away!
La Brava.
Even though I knew that you wouldn't run away...
...I told you to run...
You can't help me.
That would make you an accomplice to my crimes.
Please! I've already
committed a crime with my hacking.
It's fine, Gentle!
If I can be with you,
then I'll be happy no matter
what I'm doing or where I am.
Would you have been happy to escape alone?
No...
I'll die before I'm going to
be separated from you, Gentle!
I'm sure you would've gone on to commit
crimes much worse than what we've done.
The one who brought you here,
who accepted you and made you my partner--
is me!
La Brava,
I was happy, too!
If I get caught by the heroes like this,
then it'll be obvious you're my accomplice.
In that case, at least...
...I can make it so this fight never happened.
To make the crime just a little less serious.
Just go away like that, Izuku Midoriya.
For the sake of her bright future.
Izuku Midoriya. You should be proud.
You protected everything you stood for and won.
I stumbled over a pebble on the road.
U.A., I wish to turn myself in.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Gentle's feelings, La Brava's hopes...
The two of them always put each other first.
With the taste of
my bittersweet victory still lingering,
I run at full speed toward U.A.,
to where my friends are waiting.
Because I want to see
the smiles of everyone--of Eri.
Now, let's start the show!
Next time, "Let It Flow! School Festival!"
Let my feelings reach!
"Next time: Let It Flow! School Festival!"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!